I was so guys I was just over here at
saj mediterranean grill and i saw this
this is a freaking ticket for it says
short-term retail parking only well I
don't see any damn sign anywhere it says
about short-term anything you got
some handicap signs over there let's go
peruse around and see if i can find one
of those signs or maybe we can find the
guy right in the tickets and ask him
what the fuck's up
there he is let's go ask them
ask you a question man these are these
things you're right and do they have to
pay a fine or anything no it's basically
a just a warning saying you know don't
Park here right and then we're also
putting notices with them they get like
33 notices and okay basically start
telling their cars all right it said
short-term parking is that true
short-term retail parking yet how long
could you park don't part basically we
come around like early in the morning
and we come around mid-afternoon and
then we come around it like four or five
okay I've been like this area we're
actually doing a little bit stringent so
long trying here for like five hours six
hours seven hours all right that's
reasonable enough whoa basically you
know don't park your all day yeah all
right four or five hours you're okay
all right yeah I got you okay alright
cool huh hey thanks for the info man I
don't work over here I was just getting
some food and I saw you right in the
tickets that's like what's going on ah
see you
god damn hot
yeah for every one of me that does it
that's one less car in front of you man
last
haha
hey I got a question for you do you want
to be on YouTube